README.md, before:

# thoughts
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

Ever wanted to save your thoughts in some json file using CLI interface?

[Demo on Github Pages](https://fedor-rusak.github.io/)

This is a small node app that tries to be vim-bash-like thing for simple notes. Yet interconnected thoughts!

You can use Github Gist to save/load your thoughts if you provide [Github personal access](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token) token with **gist**, **read:user** scopes.

Should work properly on Mac and Windows. In browser and terminal.

# How to start

It uses ES6 modules so you need modern NodeJS (>=14) to run this project.

```
node index.js <optional existing data file name>
```

# How to use

When you started (as of 2021 February 12) thoughts process :) you see:

```
# Data file: ./data.json
# when in doubt use help
```

You can enter any of these commands:

* clear - clears your screen from commands
* title - next input would be considered title for new note. And shows current title if exists.
* content - same as title but for content
* tags - for adding options tag information
* now - adds date to current note
* state - show your current note data on screen
* push - pushes (if no missing fields OR no thought was chosen) your note to internal list of records
* records - allows to look at current notes in technical format. Use arrows to navigate. ESC or q to exit.
* save - save records to from DataLayer
* load - load records from from DataLayer
* thoughts - nice style of visualizing notes one by one. Up/down arrows to navigate and ESQ/q to exit. Enter to choose note for editing.
* drop - for deleting chosen note
* new - to start new note from scratch
* browse - to see thoughts sorted by tag (date by default). Up and down to navigate across tag index. Left and right to choose tag for index. Enter to choose note for editing.
* help - to see list of supported commands
* development-thoughts - thoughts I got while developing this app
* use-fs, use-gist - to choose data save/load mechanism (use-fs does NOT work in browser)
* gist-name, gist-token - to use github gist as storage
* search - work in progress! Esq or q to exit

Hit ESC or Ctrl-C to exit.

# Browser version

Same commands and expected user experience but:

```
npm install
node server.js
```

And open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) page.

Only Gist for saving/loading!

# Thanks

Big thanks to Isaac Z. Schlueter for his package [mute-stream](https://github.com/isaacs/mute-stream#readme). It was really useful in terminal version of this app.

Commit message:

ESlint configuration and code fix finished.

README.md, after:

# thoughts
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

Ever wanted to save your thoughts in some json file using CLI interface?

[Demo on Github Pages](https://fedor-rusak.github.io/)

This is a small node app that tries to be vim-bash-like thing for simple notes. Yet interconnected thoughts!

You can use Github Gist to save/load your thoughts if you provide [Github personal access](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token) token with **gist**, **read:user** scopes.

Should work properly on Mac and Windows. In browser and terminal.

# How to start

It uses ES6 modules so you need modern NodeJS (>=14) to run this project.

```
node index.js <optional existing data file name>
```

# How to use

When you started (as of 2021 February 12) thoughts process :) you see:

```
# Data file: ./data.json
# when in doubt use help
```

You can enter any of these commands:

* clear - clears your screen from commands
* title - next input would be considered title for new note. And shows current title if exists.
* content - same as title but for content
* tags - for adding options tag information
* now - adds date to current note
* state - show your current note data on screen
* push - pushes (if no missing fields OR no thought was chosen) your note to internal list of records
* records - allows to look at current notes in technical format. Use arrows to navigate. ESC or q to exit.
* save - save records to from DataLayer
* load - load records from from DataLayer
* thoughts - nice style of visualizing notes one by one. Up/down arrows to navigate and ESQ/q to exit. Enter to choose note for editing.
* drop - for deleting chosen note
* new - to start new note from scratch
* browse - to see thoughts sorted by tag (date by default). Up and down to navigate across tag index. Left and right to choose tag for index. Enter to choose note for editing.
* help - to see list of supported commands
* development-thoughts - thoughts I got while developing this app
* use-fs, use-gist - to choose data save/load mechanism (use-fs does NOT work in browser)
* gist-name, gist-token - to use github gist as storage
* search - work in progress! Esq or q to exit

Hit ESC or Ctrl-C to exit.

# Browser version

Same commands and expected user experience but:

```
npm install
node server.js
```

And open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) page.

Only Gist for saving/loading!

# ESlint

To ensure code style consistency I integrated [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) that can be called by:

```
npm run eslint-node
```

or:

```
npm run eslint-browser
```

# Thanks

Big thanks to Isaac Z. Schlueter for his package [mute-stream](https://github.com/isaacs/mute-stream#readme). It was really useful in terminal version of this app.
